Document `tabs` shortcode (#794)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/shortcodes/index.md

{{</* table-of-contents */>}}
```

## Tabs

The `tabs` shortcode creates generic tabbed content.
The website saves the selected tab to browser storage and persists it across navigation.

You create a tab using the `tab-content` shortcode within the `tabs` shortcode.
The inner of the `tab-content` can be any Markdown.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> You can't nest the `tabs` shortcode in a `tab-content` shortcode but you can use the `code` shortcode instead.

Reviewer: Maybe add an example of this as a secondary example. I don't really know what the use case is here, so I'm not immediately grokking why this guidance is here.

> You can't nest the `tabs` shortcode in a `tab-content` shortcode but you can use the `code` shortcode instead.

Reviewer 2: You can't define text tabs within text tabs... you can use code tabs in text tabs.

> You can't nest the `tabs` shortcode in a `tab-content` shortcode but you can use the `code` shortcode instead.

Reviewer: I'm just trying to imagine what that would look like and I can't, so I'm trying to think of why someone would try this. I'll test it out with a code shortcode later.

> You can't nest the `tabs` shortcode in a `tab-content` shortcode but you can use the `code` shortcode instead.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can nest a `code` shortcode inside of a `tab-content` shortcode, but you can't nest a `tabs` shortcode inside of a `tab-content` shortcode.
```

I think changing the order of the sentences might make this easier to understand. Wdyt? 🤔

> You can't nest the `tabs` shortcode in a `tab-content` shortcode but you can use the `code` shortcode instead.

Author: Yeah much clearer!
